docs: key changes for troubleshooting docs (#44937)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/troubleshooting/migrating-auth-users-between-projects.mdx

You can configure a custom JWT secret in the new project by going to:
[Settings > API > JWT Secret](/dashboard/project/_/settings/api)

> Note: Updating the JWT secret will regenerate your publishable and secret API keys in the new project.

Reviewer: Rotating the new JWT signing secret does not have any impact on the publishable or secret API keys (unlike the legacy JWT secret)

Author: ```suggestion
Note: Updating the JWT secret will regenerate your anon and service_role API keys in the new project.
```
